♫
>> Tucker: GOOD EVENING AND
WELCOME TO "TUCKER CARLSON
TONIGHT."
LAST SUMMER CNN REPORTER
CAITLIN COLLINS WAS BARRED
FROM THE WHITE HOUSE EVENT
AFTER SHE ASKED QUESTIONS
THE ADMINISTRATION THOUGHT
WERE TOO AGGRESSIVE.
AS AN ORGANIZATION CNN HAS
RELENTLESSLY ATTACKED FOX
NEWS OVER THE YEARS.
ON THE OTHER HAND, REPORTERS
OUGHT TO BE ALLOWED TO ASK
HARD QUESTIONS OF PUBLIC
OFFICIALS.
EXECUTIVES HERE AT FOX
DIDN’T HESITATE.
THEY LOUDLY CAME TO CAITLIN
COLLINS’ DEFENSE.
SO DID "SPECIAL REPORT"
ANCHOR BRET BAIER, SO DID
THIS SHOW.
>> Tucker: THE BIG STORY IN
WASHINGTON TODAY IS THAT
CAITLIN COLLINS OVER AT CNN
WAS PREVENTED FROM COVERING
AN EVENT AT THE WHITE HOUSE
YESTERDAY.
CAITLIN WORKED FOR ME FOR
YEARS.
SHE IS A FAIR AND DECENT
PERSON AND I DON’T THINK SHE
SHOULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED
FROM COVERING ANYTHING.
>> Tucker: WHATEVER YOU
THINK OF CNN, CAITLIN
COLLINS IS A GREAT PERSON
DEFENDING HER WAS NOT A
TOUGH CALL.
THEN THE WHITE HOUSE BRIEFLY
BANNED CNN CORRESPONDENT JIM
ACOSTA, JIM ACOSTA IS NOT A
GREAT PERSON.
HE IS AWFUL.
ASK ANYONE WHO KNOWS HIM.
STILL, FOX NEWS STUCK TO
PRINCIPLE.
EVEN AWFUL PEOPLE OUGHT TO
BE ALLOWED TO COVER THE
WHITE HOUSE.
FOX IMMEDIATELY FILED AM CAN
YOU SAY BRIEF
YOU SAY AMICUS BRIEF
RETURNING HIM TO THE PRESS
POOL.
ACOSTA GOT HIS CREDENTIALS
BACK.
YOU MAY DISLIKE FOX NEWS
THERE IS NO QUESTION ABOUT
THIS CHANNEL’S COMMITMENT TO
FREE SPEECH.
WE DEFEND SPEECH, EVEN WHEN
IT’S UNPOPULAR, EVEN WHEN
THE PERSON SPEAKING HAS
ATTACKED US PERSONALLY.
FREE EXPRESSION IS BIGGER
THAN ANY ONE PERSON OR ANY
ORGANIZATION.
IT IS THE VERY HEART OF THIS
COUNTRY.
IT’S THE FOUNDATION OF ALL
OTHER FREEDOMS.
WE REALLY BELIEVE THAT CNN
AND MSNBC DO NOT BELIEVE
THAT YESTERDAY THE DNC
ANNOUNCED THAT FOX NEWS HAS
BEEN BANNED FROM HOSTING ANY
OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY’S
2020 PRIMARY DEBATES.
DNC CHAIRMAN TOM PEREZ WENT
ON TELEVISION TO EXPLAIN
THAT FOX NEWS SIMPLY ISN’T A
REAL NEWS ORGANIZATION.
>> AT THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF
FOX NEWS THEY ARE NOT
PLAYING IT STRAIGHT.
I DO NOT HAVE THE CONFIDENCE
THAT WE NEED TO TAKE SUCH AN
IMPORTANT PART OF THE
NOMINATION PROCESS, THESE
DEBATES AND TRUST THEM TO
FOLKS WHO AT THE TOP LEVELS
ARE CONSULTING DONALD TRUMP
BEFORE THEY DO ANYTHING.
I COULDN’T DO THAT.
>> Tucker: SO THAT’S A LIE
AND EVERYONE IN THE NEWS
BUSINESS KNOWS IT’S A LIE.
OUR NEWS ANCHORS DON’T
CONSULT DONALD TRUMP OR ANY
OTHER POLITICIAN BEFORE
ASKING THEIR QUESTIONS.
THEY DIDN’T IN 2016, THEY
DON’T NOW, THEY NEVER WILL.
TOM PEREZ IS ARGUING THAT A
POLITICAL PARTY SHOULD
DECIDE WHO GETS TO COVER THE
NEWS.
AMAZINGLY, CNN AND MSNBC
AGREE WITH HIM.
JEFF ZOOKER ISSUED A PUBLIC
STATEMENT.
HE DIDN’T DO IT IN HIS OWN
VOICE.
HE PREFERS TO LURK BEHIND
THE CURTAIN.
ZUCKER DISPATCHED CREEPY
SPOKESMAN TO DELIVER THE
PARTY LINE.
>> FOX HAS JOURNALISTS LIKE
BRET BAIER WHO DO A GOOD JOB
BUT EVERY NIGHT IN PRIME
TIME DEMOCRATS ARE
DEMONIZED.
THEY ARE ATTACKED
RELENTLESSLY BY FOX NEWS
PRIME TIME HOST.
IT WAS ALWAYS HARD FOR ME TO
IMAGINE A DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
DEBATE TAKING PLACE IN THOSE
HOURS WHEN FIGURATIVELY
NANCY PELOSI AND ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ ARE CONSTANTLY
DEMONIZED AND ATTACKED.
>> Tucker: THEY CRITICIZE
NANCY PELOSI SCREAMS MUNICH.
THAT’S NOT ALLOW YOU HAD.
THEY MUST BE EXCLUDED.
NEEDLESS TO SAY UBIQUITOUS
WIND BAG ANNA NAVARRO AGREES
WITH THAT.
>> FOX NEWS IS -- IS TAINTED
WITH -- IT’S NOT IRRATIONAL.
IT’S NOT ILLOGICAL FOR THE
DNC TO WONDER AND SUSPECT IF
THEY CAN GET A FAIR SHAKE
FROM FOX NEWS OR IF THEY
WILL BE SET UP.
>> Tucker: YOU FIGURED OUT
THE GAME BY NOW.
IT’S ALL PROJECTION.
EVERYTHING THE LEFT SAYS IS
PROJECTION.
WHATEVER THEY ACCUSE YOU OF
IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE
DOING.
EVERY SINGLE TIME.
THEY SAY THEY ARE DEEPLY
WORRIED THAT FOX NEWS MIGHT
RIG A PRIMARY DEBATE.
FOX HAS NEVER DONE THAT OF
COURSE, AND NEVER WOULD.
HAS ANYONE ELSE DONE THAT?
WELL, LET’S SEE, IN 2016 ONE
OF CNN’S PAID ON AIR
CONTRIBUTORS LEAKED A DEBATE
QUESTION TO HILLARY CLINTON
BEFORE THE EVENT.
CNN TRIED TO COVER IT UP AND
THEN THEY GOT CAUGHT.
THERE IS NOTHING MORE
CORRUPT THAN THAT.
SOMEHOW THEIR MEDIA REPORTER
KID FORGOT TO MENTION THAT
SCANDAL.
FOX NEWS STATE TV THEY WILL WILL
TELL YOU MONDAYIO CHROMATIC
STRICT PARTY LINE.
REALLY?
EVER WATCHED FOX NEWS?
THERE IS FAR GREATER
DIVERSITY OF OPINION ON THIS
CHANNEL THAN ON ANY OTHER
NEWS CHANNELS.
THOSE OF US THAT WORKED AT
THE OTHER NEWS NETWORKS CAN
CONFIRM THAT BECAUSE IT’S
TRUE.
WATCH THE PROGRAMMING FOR A
DAY AND THEN THEIRS AND FOR
YOURSELF.
JEFFREY LORD FIRED FROM CNN
FOR THE CRIME OF DEFENDING
DONALD TRUMP TOO
EFFECTIVELY.
THEY CLAIM FOX MANAGEMENT IS
PARTISAN.
THAT’S NOT TRUE.
THOSE OF US WHO WORK HERE
KNOW THAT JUST CHECK GOOGLE
FOR CONFIRMATION.
HAS ANY CURRENT FOX NEWS
EXECUTIVE EVER PUBLICLY
BOASTED ABOUT PLANS TO RUN
FOR POLITICAL OFFICE?
NOPE.
BUT JEFF ZUCKER HAS.
ZUCKER IS A PARTISAN
DEMOCRAT.
HE HAS SAID SO MANY TIMES.
AND THAT MAY BE WHY ZUCKER
IS SO ANXIOUS TO INCREASE
THE PARTISAN DIVISION IN
THIS COUNTRY.
THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT HE IS
DOING BY ENDORSING THE DNC
BAN ON FOX.
WHEN CNN SAYS THIS NETWORK
SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO
HOST A DEMOCRATIC DEBATE
WHAT THEY ARE REALLY SAYING
IS THAT DISAGREEMENT
SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED.
THEY ARE MAKING THE CASE
AGAINST COMPROMISE AND
AGAINST BIPARTISANSHIP.
WE REJECT CNN’S WORLD VIEW
COMPLETELY.
YES, THIS IS A DIVIDED
COUNTRY.
WE HAVE GENUINE
DISAGREEMENTS.
THEY ARE REAL.
BUT WE ARE ALL AMERICANS.
WE HAVE MORE IN COMMON THAN
WE DON’T AND THAT’S WHY YOU
WILL OFTEN SEE SINCERE
LEFTISTS ON THIS SHOW.
SOMETIMES WE ARE TOUGH ON
THEM.
BUT JUST AS OFTEN WE WILL
NOD IN VIGOROUS AGREEMENT.
WE DON’T HAVE TO AGREE ON
EVERYTHING TO FIND COMMON
GROUND WITH SOMEONE.
THIS IS AMERICA.
NUANCE IS ALLOWED.
YOU WILL SEE IT HERE.
YOU WILL NEVER SEE ANYTHING
LIKE THAT ON CNN OR MSNBC.
ON THOSE CHANNELS PEOPLE ARE
THE SUM TOTAL OF THEIR VOTER
REGISTRATIONS.
YOU ARE EITHER WITH TRUMP OR
YOU ARE AGAINST TRUMP.
IT’S A ZERO SUM WORLD.
IT’S UGLY AND BORING AND
INCREDIBLY DIVISIVE WE WILL
NEVER BE LIKE THAT.
THE LEFT EMBRACES THAT VIEW
BECAUSE IT INCREASES THEIR
POWER.
THEY DON’T WANT DEBATE THEY
CONSIDER COMPROMISE IMMORAL.
THEY SAY THAT THEY DEMAND
TOTAL OBEDIENCE.
AROUND THE WORLD THE LEFT IS
WORKING TO CRUSH DISSENT AS
CNN APPLAUDS FROM THE
SIDELINES.
IN FRANCE RIGHT NOW TO NAME
ONE AMONG COUNTLESS EXAMPLES
OF IT FORMER PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATE MAUREEN LE PEN IS
FACING A CRIMINAL
PROSECUTION FOR TWEETING OUT
PHOTOS OF ATROCITIES
COMMITTED BY ISIS.
LE PEN DIDN’T ENDORSE ISIS
OR ITS ATROCITIES, NO.
LE PEN FACES THREE YEARS IN
PRISON SIMPLY FOR SHOWING
WHAT FUNDAMENTALISTS ISLAMIC
GROUPS ACTUALLY DO.
IN AUSTRALIA MYSPACE POLICE
WAS
WHATEVER YOUTHINK OF HIM HE HASN
WHATEVER YOUTHINK OF HIM HE HASV
WHATEVER YOUTHINK OF HIM HE HASR
ADVOCATED VIOLENCE.
HE HAS NEVER EVEN BEEN
ARRESTED.
MEANWHILE RADICAL MUSLIM
CLERICS ENTER AUSTRALIA ALL
THE TIME.
ANOPE POLICE IS BEING
PUNISHED PURELY FOR
POLITICAL VIEWS AND NO DOUBT
THAT IS ABSOLUTELY FINE WITH
CNN.
WHAT YOU ARE WATCHING ACROSS
THE WEST IS A NEW FORM OF
SOCIAL CONTROL.
IT’S MODELED ON THE VAST
SYSTEM OF SURVEILLANCE AND
PUNISHMENT THAT AMERICAN
TECH COMPANIES HAVE HELPED
DESIGN FOR CHINA’S FASCIST
REGIME.
STEP OUT OF LINE AND YOU
WILL FEEL THE PAIN BIG TECH
CLOSES YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA
ACCOUNTS, YOUR BANK DROPS
YOU.
PAYPAL WON’T ALLOW YOU TO
EARN MONEY ONLINE.
AMAZON BANS YOUR BOOKS.
YOU CAN’T TRAVEL ABROAD.
YOU ARE A NONPERSON.
CNN WON’T SAY A WORD ABOUT
ANY OF THIS.
THEY HAVEN’T.
THEY CHEER.